what is happening what is all of this
she see that article every year these
liberal elites kidnap a bunch of normal
folks like us and haunt us for sport
the last I heard free speech still
exists
don't first-amendment me it wasn't real
[Music]
we were joking
there's been a killing spree you got to
come here right now you actually
believed we were hunting human beings
for sports but you are
we have an opportunity here to teach
these people that these are not real
people they're actors I'm playing an
Arab refugee but I identify as white I
think that's problematic too in some way
you wanted it to be real so you decided
it was
what kind of sick people would even
think of something like that white
people reardon worst
[Music]
you